Ah, now that's the stuff!
(laughter)
You just can't help sounding
like an old man, can you?
It just means that nothing
beats relaxing like this.
Miss Tenten, I really don't
think I can thank you enough
for bringing me
all of my things.
Oh, don't mention it!
I was planning on
taking some time off
to go to a hot spring, anyway.
Well, I'm just relieved
everything's going so smoothly
with you and the two sensei.
I mean, you know how Guy
Sensei can be, don't you?
I'm not entirely sure if
I'm fitting in with them,
but I'm managing somehow.
He's the type to jump right in
without thinking at all
and stir up trouble,
you know what I mean?
Uh, yeah, I, uh,
sorta get the idea.
Knowing Guy Sensei, I'm sure,
even now as we're here doing
this, something will...
(frightened yell)
Mr. Guy!
That was him!
(frightened, bubbling)
It just...
It appeared!
A ghost!
(opening theme music)
How is Guy Sensei doing?
He okay?
Oh, uh, he's sleeping quietly.
And there's something else.
You need to understand
you're a bodyguard,
When there's trouble,
remember not to rush out
naked like you almost did!
I'm sorry.
I wasn't thinking.
Besides, there's not much you
can do alone
if Guy Sensei's unconscious.
Especially if Kakashi
Sensei's gone off somewhere.
You rang?
(startled)
Kakashi Sensei!
That's me.
C'mon!
Don't go around
scaring us like that!
Where have you been, anyway?
Oh, I went out to buy
hot spring bean jam buns.
Please be sure to let me
know when you leave, okay?
Or else what's the point
of me guarding you?
Sorry, sorry!
So, earlier I heard from
one of the inn's employees
that Guy collapsed?
What's that about?
Well, uh...
We won't know what
really happened
until Guy Sensei
regains consciousness,
but he keeps saying,
-it appeared!
-It appeared!
[Kakashi] What appeared?
A ghost, he said.
But I think, it was
probably something else
that he just mistook for one.
No way.
Maybe a ghost really did appear!
Huh?
I mean, it wouldn't be unusual
for a place like this, right?
This old building, with
its ambience and all.
Especially that room the
two of you are staying in!
I wouldn't be surprised
one bit if it's haunted.
The ghost!
There's no such thing as ghosts!
It'd be a lot more fun
if there were, though!
No, it wouldn't.
Now, listen.
I'm responsible
for security here.
I'm sure that I swept
the room thoroughly.
I checked the furnishings,
the appliances,
the attic, and beneath
the tatami mats!
There was some trash,
but aside from that,
I didn't find anything unusual.
Well, maybe you
should look again!
There might be a corpse
plastered behind the wall.
There is not!
Now that you mention it, the
bean jam buns in the room.
[Both] Huh?
Were all gone before I knew it.
That's why I went
out to buy more.
It's so strange.
I figured Guy just ate
them all, but he insisted,
-I didn't eat them!
Maybe the ghost was
behind all of it.
Can you please stop
that, Miss Tenten?
Well, Guy Sensei may
be kind of a weirdo,
but still, he isn't a
prankster or a liar.
Hmm, you actually do
have a point, there.
I know!
See?
There really is a ghost!
Okay, we get it!
Look, I'm gonna prove to you
there's no such
thing as a ghost!
All right, let me be blunt!
Just come clean.
This inn is haunted, isn't it?
(shocked)
Earlier in the detached
room, Guy Sens--
Our companion saw one.
Not only that,
all of the bean jam buns
disappeared suddenly.
I'm sorry!
What a weird question.
(frightened)
You see?
She doesn't even
know what to say.
There's no such thing as a--
You mean, your friend
actually saw it?
Huh?
Huh.
Can you tell us more
about it, please?
It's okay!
We're actually shinobi from
the Hidden Leaf Village, so...
Hey, quiet down, Miss Tenten!
We won't cause any
trouble, I swear.
This hot spring was first
built back in the feudal era.
It was used as a healing retreat
for wounded soldiers then.
In time, the wars ended,
and it became an
ordinary hot spring inn.
But over time, rumors
began to circulate
about our guests seeing a
ghost clad in full armor.
In order to stop the rumors,
a large-scale exorcism
was conducted.
Since then, we've
run our business
with no problems whatsoever.
However, in the past few days,
some truly strange things have
been happening around here.
There was a plate of food
that a guest hadn't finished,
and I left it sitting
just right over there.
But then all of a sudden,
it had just disappeared.
It's happened more than once.
It's creeping me out!
Mm-hmm.
There'd be a room that's
supposed to be empty,
and I'd hear a thud from inside
and find bedding scattered
all over the place.
Some guests said that
they saw a figure
that was creeping around
by the outdoor baths.
But when I went to
look, no one was there.
Hmm.
It just has to be a ghost.
I'm sure of it!
C'mon, there's no way.
An animal probably stuck
its head through the window
and ate the leftover food.
It's not unusual for stacked-up
bedding to fall over.
And the figure in
the outdoor baths
was probably just some
steam, that's all.
You're just trying to
convince yourself, aren't you?
We'll simply verify each
incident one by one.
So first, let's go and
check out the kitchen.
Aw, but blaming a
ghost makes everything
so much more interesting,
don't you think?
Hey, what is this?
Why isn't it bolted down better?
That's not safe.
This one's the only statue
on a stone pedestal.
All the rest of them
are made of wood.
Well, it's a pretty
large piece of stone.
So maybe this one
just couldn't be moved
or something like that.
Seems like it means
something, though.
So, why don't you split this
stone with your Chakra Blades?
Maybe you'll even get cursed!
Stop that!
Are you being serious right now?
(uncomfortable chuckle)
Of course not!
Just kidding!
Besides, there's no way
I can cut through it.
That stone's just way too solid.
Seriously?
Are your Chakra Blades
really that dull?
No, it's not that.
I just haven't been able to
master using them quite yet.
I don't know, maybe my chakra
isn't actually compatible
with them or something--
Hey!
Guy's awake now.
(cheesy harrumphing chuckle)
I did not see a ghost!
What?
But you kept groaning about it.
You said, it appeared, a ghost!
Not me!
There's no such thing
as a ghost, right?
You probably mistook
something else for one.
All right, then how do you
explain the bean jam buns
disappearing from
this room, huh?
Bean jam buns?
What about the outdoor bath?
Or the kitchen?
The bedding storage?
A ghost appeared in all of them!
And now the missing
bean jam buns.
I bet the ghost's
behind that, too!
No way!
No, that simply couldn't
be what happened!
Stop saying such
illogical things.
Illogical, huh?
It isn't very often
that we hear that word
come out of your
mouth, Guy Sensei.
You ate all the bean
jam buns, didn't you?
I didn't!
I swear it wasn't me!
Of course not.
It was all the ghost's doing!
That's not right, either!
Never mind that now, Kakashi.
Let's go play ping-pong.
Huh?
Why now all of a sudden?
Because there's a ping-pong
table in the rec room!
Well, I really wanted
to take a soak now.
But you can take a bath anytime!
I'm challenging you
to a ping-pong match!
Let me go take a quick
soak first, okay?
You can just wait
right here for me.
But I wanna play right now!
Come on!
Now!
So, Guy Sensei?
Is there a reason why you don't
want to stay in this room?
Maybe you're scared
to face the ghost
who ate the bean jam buns?
Don't be ridiculous!
Anyway, lets go play
ping-pong, Kakashi!
Damn it.
I guess I have no choice.
He's really trying way too hard.
Huh?
I've known him a long
time, so I can tell.
Guy Sensei is really freaked
out by this whole ghost thing.
Wasn't it so unnatural?
How he brought up
ping-pong out of the blue?
Uh...
Well, to tell you the truth,
Mr. Guy always seems
to be acting unnatural.
But do you really
think it's true?
Is he actually that
scared of ghosts?
Yes, absolutely!
Seriously, he's a scaredy-cat.
Wait, what?
A long time ago, he
just blurted out,
taijutsu is useless against
ghosts, it doesn't work!
Oh, I see.
(chuckle)
I just thought of
something really good.
It's gonna get busy!
Miss Tenten?
Hey!
Ah, Mirai!
Can you act as our referee?
Who? Me?
Well, Tenten ran away, so...
Huh?
Oh, but...
You'll do it, won't you?
Uh, sure.
All right!
I feel great!
I'm ready anytime!
For sure, I'm gonna...
Huh?
Point Kakashi.
Serving while I'm still
warming up, you coward!
Oh, but you said
anytime, didn't you?
Never mind!
The real match starts now!
Yeah, yeah.
There.
This really isn't the
time to be doing this.
[Guy] Take that!
[Kakashi] Okay.
I really need to investigate
the scene of the crime.
Wait!
The outdoor bath, the kitchen,
the bedding storage room,
the corridor and
the detached room.
All the places where
the ghost appeared
face the inner garden.
Ahh!
Huh?
Whose was it?
Sorry?
Whose point?
I think it was my point.
Quiet, you!
I'm asking the referee!
Oh, well, uh, I couldn't tell.
What?
You couldn't?
That's okay.
I say we just call
it a draw for today.
Wait, no, actually I was--
Oh well, a draw.
Too bad.
I was so close!
Like I said, it was--
Yep, a draw!
Okay.
I obliged you with a game.
So I'm going to take a soak now.
Hold on!
Since we've already
used the baths here,
how about trying
out another place?
Huh?
But the outdoor baths
here are just fine.
I mean, it's not that
these are haunted.
Anyway, let's just
go somewhere else.
Okay?
Sure, fine.
All right, then!
Let's go!
Hmm.
What's wrong?
What's with the serious look?
Well, the thing is.
I just had a realization
a moment ago.
All the places where the
so-called ghost has appeared
are facing the inner garden.
And I'm just wondering if
that might mean something.
Hmm.
Is that what you
were thinking about
while you were refereeing?
Yeah, I'm sorry!
You really take your job
seriously, don't you?
Like I told you,
you don't have to stress
out about it so much.
But, there a quite a few people
who have been troubled
by these incidents.
And besides that,
I really just want to prove
that there isn't any
such thing as ghosts.
And why do you want to
disprove ghosts so much?
[Mirai] Huh?
Is there a particular
reason for that?
Well, uh...
If ghosts really do exist, then,
you'd think that my dad
would come and see me,
at least one time, wouldn't he?
Ah.
So ghosts must not exist,
and that's why my
dad hasn't come.
Maybe you just can't see him,
but he's actually
close by, even now.
If I can't see him,
it's meaningless.
Kakashi!
You coming or not?
Hang on.
I'll be right there.
So this ghost thing,
let's resolve it quickly.
What do you say, kid?
Right.
Kakashi!
Guy, I heard you the first time.
(uncomfortable chuckle)
A breeze?
This is a...
What are you doing out here?
I'm preparing to
catch the ghost.
Oh?
Where's Tenten?
Actually, I couldn't
find her anywhere.
All right.
I'm gonna uncover who
the ghost really is.
Did you hear that, Guy?
Okay.
Show us who it is, then.
(sniffing)
What's burning?
It's coming.
(frightened)
It appeared!
It worked perfectly!
Miss Tenten?
What are...
(yelling)
Watch out!
Huh?
Oh, dear.
What's your name?
Tatsumi, sir.
So the ghost was
really you, huh?
I'm sorry!
Uh, so what is going on?
I noticed something
a while back,
all of the places where
the ghost appeared
faced the inner garden,
so I had a hunch.
I guessed that someone might
have been hiding out in here.
And then, purely by chance,
I found a secret passageway
in this building.
I think when the
structure was built,
it was added for security and
as an emergency escape route.
While investigating,
I discovered signs of human
activity.
So, I set about sealing up
all but one of the entrances
that led to the passageway.
Then I asked the
employees of the inn
if they could help me fill up
the entire passageway
with smoke.
That way, we'd
force the ghost out
through the only possible exit.
Which was the one beneath
the statue, right?
But even though I put
this plan together,
I certainly didn't
expect Miss Tenten
to show up pretending to
be a ghost the way she did.
Yeah, why did you
do that, anyway?
It was just so much
fun watching Guy Sensei
putting on a brave face.
So I thought that I
oughta pretend to be
the ghost and scare him.
Still, you didn't have scare us
right at that particular
moment, you know!
Well, everybody was acting
all quiet and anxious.
So I kinda figured that
it was now or never!
Oh, boy.
So, what are you
doing here, Tatsumi?
Well, you see, I
was traveling, and,
I didn't have any
money left, so I...
At first, I just wanted
to find a place to sleep,
so I snuck into the
bedding storage room.
And then you stumbled upon
the secret passageway?
Yes.
Should we have the Land of
Steam take her into custody?
Oh, please, no!
Don't do that!
I just, I really have to
continue on my journey!
But you don't have
money left, do you?
No, but that's...
You have a reason, don't you?
Why don't you tell us?
This whole journey is all for
the sake of my late mother.
Your mother?
Not long ago, my mother
passed away from an illness.
She'd been bedridden
for a long time
and couldn't go anywhere.
So, I'm visiting
all the hot springs
that she dreamed of going to.
I'm doing this in her memory.
I see.
In your current
condition, though,
doing that alone will be hard.
You're completely right.
Yes.
Believe me, I know that's true.
Listen, would it be possible
to take her with us,
at least as far as we can?
I'd just like for this
journey she's taking
to be something that she can use
to remember her mother by.
I'd be happy to pay for
all of her expenses.
Really?
Yes!
Fine by me.
Kakashi Sensei!
We'll figure out a
way to make it work.
Thank you so much!
Isn't that great, Tatsumi?
Thank you!
Oh, and by the way,
about your Chakra Blade,
unless you learn to control
your chakra a little more,
it'll be dangerous.
I know.
To be honest, I didn't realize
it was quite that sharp.
No way!
Talk about untapped potential!
She is Asuma's daughter.
All right!
Well, this is
where we part ways.
Aw, what's the matter
with you, Guy Sensei?
You sure do look awfully pale.
Let's just get out of
this place quickly, okay?
Huh?
It isn't about being
scared or anything.
But it's dangerous!
That thing, that
warrior in armor.
Huh?
Just one look at that guy
who appeared in the
middle of the night
and I knew he wasn't
of this world!
After he wandered
around the room,
he went off in the
direction of the room
you were staying in
with Tenten, Mirai.
And he just disappeared!
An armored warrior?
One of the inn's employees
mentioned that to
us earlier, too!
But she said that a thorough
exorcism had been done!
Ha!
When I did a security
sweep of the rooms before,
I peeled these off.
I thought they were trash.
Hey!
You weren't supposed
to remove those!
What?
What's up?
What's with all the
freaked out looks?
So, Mr. Kakashi, last night,
were you able to sleep okay?
Yeah, I slept just fine.
I feel so relaxed.
Okay, let's get going!
On to the next stop!
You mean you slept through
an armored warrior
wandering around?
I wonder about
your mental state.
(ending theme music)
A large boulder's
covering the hot spring!
Isn't there anything
that we can do?
The villagers seem
really troubled.
[Choji] Sorry to keep
you waiting, Mirai!
I'm here to help!
[Mirai] You're, Mr. Choji!
[Choji] I haven't eaten potato
chips for like 30 minutes!
[Mirai] Uh...
[Choji] In this state,
there's no way I can
move that boulder!
[Mirai] Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
The Steam Ninja Scrolls: Potato
Chips and the Giant Boulder!
Then why are you even here?
(upbeat rock music)